[ENH] Update column annotation docs (#399)
neurobagel/documentation: docs/user_guide/annotation_tool.md

## 2. Column Annotation

![Annotation tool column annotation step screenshot - non-assessment variables](../imgs/annotate/column_annotation_non-assessment.png)

Each column in your uploaded table is represented as a card on the left side of this page.
Select a column to annotate it.

!!! tip
    To select multiple columns, hold down ++shift++ , ++ctrl++ , or ++cmd++ .

For each column, you can:

- **Add a description**
- **Annotate the [standardized variable](../data_models/variables.md) that best describes the column from the "Standardized Variables" list on the right** (if a suitable match exists)

>     - To map one or more columns to a specific standardized variable, select the column(s) and then select the corresponding variable name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - First select the column(s) and then click on the corresponding standardized variable in the list on the right
```

>     - To map one or more columns to a specific standardized variable, select the column(s) and then select the corresponding variable name

Author: As mentioned above, I think we can continue to use "select" since it just describes the basic user action (similar to "click"), but use "map" in place of "annotate".

    - The number next to a standardized variable (:material-numeric-1-circle:) indicates how many columns are currently mapped to it

    !!! info "Some standardized variables only allow 1 mapped column"
        A standardized variable with a limit of 1 mapped column will appear disabled in the right sidebar once a column has been mapped to it.
        To map a different column to the variable, first clear the mapping for the old column.

- **Annotate the assessment tool used to collect the column's data from the "Assessment Tool" list on the right** (if a suitable match exists)

>     - For columns about an assessment tool, select the column(s) and then select the corresponding assessment term

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the column contains information from an assessment tool, you can map it to the corresponding assessment term from the "Assessment Tool" list on the right
    - If there are several columns about the same assessment tool, select them all and then select the corresponding assessment term to map them all at once
    - If you cannot find a matching assessment term, consider naming it in the "Description" field of the columns
```
Annotate also works.
